added future work to versioning proposal (#3072)
thanos-io/thanos: docs/proposals/202005_version_documentation.md

    |- tmp
        |- public
        |- docs-pre-processed

>             |- versioned

Reviewer: That's not true, right? (:

Author: True...it's just that I think it's best we identify where those versioned folders are located (which in this case, exists in docs-pre-processed)

Anyways...those details don't matter much

## Summary

We understand [Cortex](https://github.com/cortexproject/cortex/pull/2349) is working on this as well so we are learning from their approach and knowledge.

## Future Work

> We hope to rewrite the versioning plugin using golang. We care alot about code maintainability and because we use golang as our primary programming language, it will be easier for developers to contribute to this plugin and make it even better.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We hope to rewrite the versioning plugin using Golang. We care a lot about code maintainability and because we use Golang as our primary programming language, it will be easier for developers to contribute to this plugin and make it even better.
```

Author: Ack
